Update declarative config docs for medic-conf 3.1 (#164)
medic/medic-docs: configuration/developing-community-health-applications.md

| `actions[n].type` | `'report'` or `'contact'` | When `'report'`, the action opens the given form. When `'contact'`, the action redirects to a contact's profile page. Defaults to 'report'. | no |
| `actions[n].form` | `string` | The code of the form that should open when you select the action. | yes |
| `actions[n].label`| `translation key` | The label that should appear on the task summary screen if multiple actions are present. | no |
| `actions[n].modifyContent`| `function (content, contact, report)` | Set the values on the content object to control the data which will be passed as `inputs` to the form which opens when the action is selected. | no |
| `priority` | `object` or `function(contact, report)` returning object of same schema | Controls the "high risk" line seen above. | no |
| `priority.level` | `high` or `medium` | Tasks that are `high` will display a high risk icon with the task. Default: `medium`. | no |
| `priority.label` | `translation key` | Text shown with the task associated to the risk level. | no |

### Examples

#### tasks.js
```js

> const extras = require('./nools-extras');

Reviewer: Below nools-extras.js changed to targets-extras.js, should we also update this to `tasks-extras`? Is it useful to show this as the same file as targets to encourage functions to be reused, or the opposite for efficiency?

Author: In general, putting all functions into a "shared module" isn't particularly effective at encouring sharing. Instead, it often makes shared modules cluttered and disorganized. It can become hard to find the most useful utilities.

When writing shared libraries, the conventional wisdom is to make things as tightly scoped as possible. In Muso what we do is -- functions that are used only by targets go in targets-extras.js. If functions are used by both targets and tasks, they go in nools-extras.js. If functions are used by nools (either targets/tasks) and contact-summaries, they go in common.js. We might recommend this as a best-practice, but I'm not sure how useful it is the control how partners make shared libraries -- as long as things are organized logically and cleanly.

Unsure what the best path forward is for this doc -- but open to discussion/ideas.

Logic to test if a contact has a form x existing before any form y, or testing if the task's action form is present within the event window - these are examples of bad things to put in `appliesIf` functions.

##### Core Framework 3.8.0 and Later
**Declarative configuration projects must deploy their configuration using medic-conf v3.1.0 or later for tasks and targets to function on the Core Framework v3.8.0 or later**

> In the Core Framework 3.8.0 release, the task system is powered by task documents which are written to PoucHDB and synced to the CouchDB/Postgres servers. This powers collaborative features, and enables Postgres impact queries to understand how tasks behave on phones in the field. The behavior described above (Before Core Framework 3.8.0) is no longer true, tasks will disappear whenever `appliesIf: false`. Instead `resolvedIf` now controls when task documents move into the "Completed" state vs "Cancelled" state.

Reviewer: Some minor grammatical changes, and also clarifying what happens if appliesIf is false, as per last point in https://github.com/medic/cht-core/issues/5657#issuecomment-559848482

```suggestion
In the Core Framework 3.8.0 release, the task system is powered by task documents which are written to PouchDB and then synced to CouchDB and Postgres. This powers collaborative features, and enables Postgres impact queries to understand how tasks behave on phones in the field.

 The behavior described above (Before Core Framework 3.8.0) is no longer true, as tasks will be given the "Cancelled" state and disappear whenever `appliesIf: false`. Instead `resolvedIf` now controls when task documents move into the "Completed" state vs "Cancelled" state.
```

| `type` | `'count'` or `'percent'` | The type of the widget. | yes |
| `goal` | `integer` | For targets with `type: 'percent'`, an integer from 0 to 100. For `type: 'count'`, any positive number. If there is no goal, put -1. | yes |
| `appliesTo` | `'contacts'` or `'reports'` | Do you want to count reports or contacts? This attribute controls the behavior of other attributes herein. | yes |
| `appliesToType` | If `appliesTo: 'reports'`, an array of form codes. If `appliesTo: 'contacts'`, an array of contact types. | Filters the contacts or reports for which `appliesIf` will be evaluated. For example, `['person']` or `['clinic', 'health_center']`. For example, `['pregnancy']` or `['P', 'pregnancy']`. | no |
| `appliesIf` | `function(contact, report)` | If `appliesTo: 'contacts'`, this function is invoked once per contact and `report` is undefined. If `appliesTo: 'reports'`, this function is invoked once per report. Return true to count this document. For `type: 'percent'`, this controls the denominator. | no |

> | `passesIf` | `function(contact, report)` | For `type: 'percent'`, return true to increment the numerator. | yes, if `type: 'percent'`. forbidden when `groupBy` is defined |

Reviewer: Minor formatting
```suggestion
| `passesIf` | `function(contact, report)` | For `type: 'percent'`, return true to increment the numerator. | yes, if `type: 'percent'`. Forbidden when `groupBy` is defined. |
```

| `date` | `'reported'` or `'now'` or `function(contact, report)` | When `'reported'`, the target will count documents with a `reported_date` within the current month. When `'now'`, target includes all documents. A function can be used to indicate when the document should be counted. Default is `'reported'`. | no |

> | `idType` | `'report'` or `'contact'` or `function(contact, report)` | The target's values are incremented once per unique ID. To count individual contacts that meet the criteria, use `'contact'`. To count multiple reports per contact, use `'report'`. If neither keyword suits your needs you can write your own function to provide the ID(s). | no |

Reviewer: This is an anchor of the example given below, so may need a clearer explanation when one of the string types is not used. Would this be accurate?

```suggestion
| `idType` | `'report'` or `'contact'` or `function(contact, report)` | The target's values are incremented once per unique ID. To count individual contacts that meet the criteria, use `'contact'`. Use `'report'` to count all reports, even if there are multiple for a single contact. If you need more than a single count for each contact or report, a custom function can be used returning an array with unique IDs — for each element to count. | no |
```

Author: What do you think of rename `idType` to something like `sample`.  If we have `sample: 'reports'` then every report causes the target to increment. If we have `sample: 'contact'` then multiple reports for a contact with value true for `appliesIf` will cause the target to increment once. Then perhaps a deeper section is required to explain custom samples (function). 

If I were to write a deeper section about custom samples, the details authors need to know is: 
* A target's displayed score is the aggregation of its "samples"
* Each sample has an ID and each unique ID causes the target to increment by one.
* Custom samples are useful in two scenarios: 1) incrementing the target multiple times based on a single document, and 2) avoiding redundant counts by causing IDs to conflict. 

**incrementing the target multiple times based on a single document**
* You can return an array of strings to emit many samples
* Maybe a quick example of incrementing a target many times based on data in a single doc. Like a stock scenario like those from Togo?

**avoiding redundant counts by causing IDs to conflict**
When multiple samples have the same ID:
* If a single contact causes multiple samples with the same ID, the one from the oldest report is scored. For example, when `sample: 'contact'` multiple reports may yield samples but they all share the same ID (the id of the contact's document) so the target displays the number of contacts with samples.
* If two different contacts cause multiple samples with the same ID, the older contact's sample is scored. For example, using the contact's parent will count the number of places for which a child contact has some condition happen. Or using the date of a reported_date timestamp as the sample ID will count the number of days any contact has any report with some condition.

What do you think of this outline? In general, what do you think of the naming to use "sample"? Would you add/remove any details? If you like it, I can draft something up (probaby a new PR?).

> | `groupBy` | `function(contact, report)` returning string | Advanced feature which allows for target ids to be aggregated and scored in groups. Use together with passesIfGroupCount. | no |

Reviewer: I would avoid the "Avanced featured" phrasing since advanced is quite relative.

Author: good idea. What about "not required for most targets"? Does it add to mention that?
